Input documentation (#8)
elastic/integration-input-docs-temp: cel.md

## Setup

For more details about the CEL input settings, check the [Filebeat documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/filebeat-input-cel.html).

### Collecting logs from CEL

To collect logs via CEL, select **Collect logs via CEL** and configure the following parameters:

> - Dataset name: Dataset to write data to. Changing the dataset will send the data to a different index. You can't use `-` in the name of a dataset and only valid characters for [Elasticsearch index names](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/docs-index_.html).

Reviewer: The link redirects https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/docs-index_.html to https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch/operation/operation-create. Maybe just update it to latter?

- OAuth2 Client ID: Client ID used for OAuth2 authentication
- OAuth2 Client Secret: Client secret used for OAuth2 authentication

> - OAuth2 Token URL: The URL endpoint that will be used to generate the tokens during the oAuth2 flow. It is required if no oauth_custom variable is set or provider is not specified in oauth_custom variable.

Reviewer: Is the idea to add only `required: true` options to this section? Just wondering why we would add `OAuth2` options here, but not inside `httpjson.md`?
I think asking users to configure [`program`](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/blob/main/packages/cel/manifest.yml#L59-L79) might be useful. @efd6 WDYT?

Reviewer 2: I'll push the changes up shortly, but I tried to rework the docs here

The idea is to add the common settings that need configuring for integrations that use the CEL input so we can include this doc snippet automatically for those integrations. 

We want it helpful, but generic enough that it won't be incorrect across different integrations doing things slighly differently.

## Setup

For more details about the CEL input settings, check the [Filebeat documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/filebeat-input-cel.html).

> Before configuring the CEL input, ensure you have:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before configuring the CEL input, make sure you have:
```

- Network connectivity to the target API endpoint
- Valid authentication credentials (API keys, tokens, or certificates as required)
- Appropriate permissions to read from the target data source

### Collecting logs from CEL

> To configure the CEL input, you must specify the request.url value pointing to the API endpoint. The interval parameter controls how frequently requests are made and is the primary way to balance data freshness with API rate limits and costs. Authentication is often configured through the request.headers section using the appropriate method for the service.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To configure the CEL input, you must specify the `request.url` value pointing to the API endpoint. The interval parameter controls how frequently requests are made and is the primary way to balance data freshness with API rate limits and costs. Authentication is often configured through the `request.headers` section using the appropriate method for the service.
```

> NOTE: To access the API service, ensure you have the necessary API credentials and that the Filebeat instance can reach the endpoint URL. Some services may require IP whitelisting or VPN access.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: To access the API service, make sure you have the necessary API credentials and that the Filebeat instance can reach the endpoint URL. Some services may require IP whitelisting or VPN access.
```

> To collect logs via API endpoint, enter the following details:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To collect logs via API endpoint, configure the following parameters:
```
